feat: rewrite react-native-spokestack using bob builder (#88)
spokestack/react-native-spokestack: tasks/EVENTS.md

### Events

All events are available in iOS and Android.

| Name       |           Data           |                                                                   Description |
| :--------- | :----------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------: |

> | recognize  | `{ transcript: string }` |                                          Fired whenever speech is recognized. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| recognize  | `{ transcript: string }` |                                          Fired whenever speech recognition completes successfully. |
```

> | timeout    |          `null`          |        Fired when an activated timeline times out due to lack of recognition. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timeout    |          `null`          |        Fired when an active pipeline times out before any speech is recognized. |
```

| activate   |          `null`          | Fired when the speech pipeline activates, either through the VAD or manually. |
| deactivate |          `null`          |                                   Fired when the speech pipeline deactivates. |

> | play       |  `{ playing: boolean }`  |             Fired when playback starts and stops. See the `speak()` function. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| play       |  `{ playing: boolean }`  |             Fired when TTS playback starts and stops. See the `speak()` function. |
```
